DOC-5574: add 8.4-RC1 release notes (#2344)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisce/redisos-8.4-release-notes.md

---
Title: Redis Open Source 8.4 release notes
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- stack
description: Redis Open Source 8.4 release notes.
linkTitle: v8.4.0 (November 2025)
min-version-db: blah
min-version-rs: blah
weight: 15
---

## Redis Open Source 8.4-RC1 (November 2025)

This is the first Release Candidate of Redis 8.4 in Redis Open Source.

Release Candidates are feature-complete pre-releases. Pre-releases are not suitable for production use.

### Binary distributions

- Alpine and Debian Docker images - https://hub.docker.com/_/redis
- Install using snap - see https://github.com/redis/redis-snap
- Install using brew - see https://github.com/redis/homebrew-redis
- Install using RPM - see https://github.com/redis/redis-rpm
- Install using Debian APT - see https://github.com/redis/redis-debian

> ### Operating systems we test Redis 8.4 on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Redis 8.4 was tested on the following operating systems
```
